What are your favorite movies what are your other favorite movies and/or your movies of the year?
I mean I do once in a while if there is something specific l am looking for, you know a good piece of fish or something or that I know that's not frozen
You know what I'm saying, I feel like family's all we got. That's all we got, the only people that are gonna look after you.
Girls were beautiful and they were like when I first a girl comes to me, she is like hey, I know who you are from your picture on Facebook and I am like, okay, like I didn't really know
As you with you. You know what I'm saying. Word. Once you get
Do you have other favorite movies from this year or from your life?
you know just like somehow you know they were able to pack it in the bag and pull, they are all new and just drop it off over there
Yeah, but that's your take on the movie. There's definitely people out there that's like that and doesn't make sense. It's more like I believe in aliens
What was your favorite Disney movie growing up?
great grandfather, you know what I am saying that's how it is
So does it feel like that school is part of your family values growing up
(Well, I remember) I have a question for you. Did you have multiple, the best way to explain is to explain how my town works
therefore, I've got them forever. because the drive, they die or you can't get them on to your hard drive.
Now, it's easier to get your money back, but back then it was a whole big thing and you know
it's not in your control you are born into it which is what I was asking you that question earlier of which family would you be in
That means that you don't have enough space on your computer for some reason.
Yeah Did your mom know you were throwing the party?
what about all aunts, uncles, cousins? your parents have any siblings there. How, how big is that Thanksgiving Day
So I'll just continue with these tourist artefacts, basically, that's what it was. So there are small booths size of your bathroom, you know single bathroom every single booth has the same thing.
You know what I mean? that instant gratification that relies on you know, this is a game, it's in my control, sort of making that all work. What what are your thoughts on that?
and your older son he is tall
I am cool with that but the way it was asked like okay your marrying a Jenner go can you handle that much stuff
you understand.
When you do, when you have a child that you're responsible for, you got to get your ducks in a row.
I think I share pretty much your views word-for-word and it isn't really difficult to run it because, you know, if you are not rich
restaurants even in Bloomington, in New York. What are your favourite restaurants?
Are you saying that I don't have your best interest at heart
Yeah, I know. No, it's not worth it. I wish I could have made money doing something with soccer.
You own your personality that shapes who you are and there's just no guarantee, there's just no textbook that can teach you all these things for sure.
you know, wherever they were just like watching the polls come in or whatever but you were in your dorm?
So you (install) in your family hassle hard cause that the type of family you came from like of survivors. Like y'all came
Are you ever worried that in the future when you do have the smart devices that your kids will say, Oh. I would love to order a blank from Amazon and then they say, hey so and so
there's no way that something else could have such a strong influence, stronger than your parents, your siblings your grandparents, you know.
like what? Tell me what life is like. And I told him, listen, this is not gonna work. And I said, do me a favor. Do not go back to your
so that will change your shot, but if you are saying that your shot is underwhelming, you possibly have too low of a TDS to begin with. So, I would try to up those a little bit
you have to segregate all your things you can play with that, you can't play with that, you can do this, you can't do that
What's something that grabs your attention? Is it a type of food? Is it a style? Is it an atmosphere? What do you, what are you going for,
we were with each other for only a couple of months and I moved to a different town and I was like, hey, I'm booking your trip to Asia, you want to come with me?
watched show and all that, she watched videos, people you know what I am saying?
Sounds like wait a minute. How old is your daughter?
Oh, on each side, that's crazy if you got ten on this side, ten on that side, is it mostly boys, there are girls
Yeah so like, when you go in and buy your phone for example, that's from T-mobile or any T-mobile
You see what I hear from all the things that you've been telling me is that you found new communities for yourself.
they come here, you know what I am saying,
Why is it so expensive I said I don't know your aunt Amy loves the top of the line so I'm not surprised they're probably.
all my sisters went to college. They graduated college, older brother got his (masters). Schools a family. (Gotta) go to school.
Are they willing to take part in that part of your life.
that is like they support you in ways, you don't even know, they they'll do little things for you
Well, there's a lot of these. You can actually mold them to your feet.
You know what I'm saying. My son likes to draw. he likes to draw
